Combine a base system with endgame solving.

Base system should be used at least for the preflop.

Endgame solving can be done for turn (probably) and river, at least if
we are willing to allow only a single future bet size for ourselves and the
opponent.

Challenging case is the flop.  But we have promising results using some
sort of quick and dirty approach.  The river strategy learned is terrible,
but we will be resolving if we get that far.

For speed reasons, it may not be possible to resolve every flop subgame.
In general, we can achieve more speed by either a) speeding up the resolving
algorithm, or b) resolving less often.  (b) is going to be easier than
(a).

We should be able to solve a base game with lots of betting sequences on
the flop and no card abstraction.  As long as the betting sequence is
in-abstraction at runtime then we will likely do fine to use the base
strategy.  I mean, it's got to be better than whatever quick and dirty
strategy we compute at runtime, right?

When facing a bet that is outside of the abstraction we will face a
decision - do I perform translation or do I endgame solve?  There are
probably a lot of experiments I need to run in order to learn when to
do which.

The optimal decision can probably only be made at runtime because I have a time
quota for the whole match.  If an opponent pushes me off abstraction a lot,
then I need to be more conservative in terms of how often I invoke endgame
solving.

Initial experiments suggest that I don't need a 3/4 pot bet if I have
a 1/2 pot bet and a full pot bet.  Interpolating has very little cost.
But if I have only pot size bets and all-ins, then I can't handle a 2x pot
bet very well.

Observe the following things:
1) Allowing lots of raises increases the size of our betting abstraction
dramatically.
2) In practice, hands rarely go to many bets.
3) Large pots are more important.
4) The remaining subgame tree is shallow after the pot is large.

All of these factors point towards using subgame solving after multiple
bets.

Proposal: have a dense abstraction (lot of bet sizes) for any number of
bets preflop.  Have a similar number of bet sizes for up to three bets on
the flop.  After that only allow pot size bets.  That's for succeeding
bets on the flop and for all bets on the turn and river.  The number 3
is a parameter.  Could try 2 or 4.  We will endgame solve whenever we
get beyond 3 bets.

Remember that we can use an asymmetric abstraction.  We don't need to
give ourselves tons of bet sizes.  My default assumption is that I should
give the target player a 1/2 pot bet and a full pot bet in all situations.
Last year I tried even fewer early in the tree, but I think that might
have been a mistake.

Do I want to do four street experiments on a game with a small deck,
or one or two street experiments on a game with a full deck.  Could try
a mixture.

Should focus on the areas that are most "open".  Either those where there
is risk, or those where performance is very uncertain; e.g., there is
hope of an algorithmic advance that could radically improve things.
I think maybe the area that is most open is endgame solving on the flop.

Goal:
Solve all endgames that make it to the turn
Resolve if we make it to the river
40% of the time we make it to the turn
27% of the time we make it to the river
Solve 10% of flop hands?
Is our budget seven seconds per hand?
Allow 20 seconds for flop resolve.
Allow 4 seconds for turn resolve.
Allow 2 seconds for river resolve.
0.1 * 20 + 0.4 * 4 + 0.27 * 2 = 4.14
This isn't really the proper calculation though.
Same result as:
0.27 * 6 + 0.13 * 4 + 0.1 * 20 = 4.14
Surely 90% of flop hands are easy to handle?

I still have many big problems and/or sources of error:
1) Unsafe endgame solving underperforms CFR-D by up to 90 mbb/g.  This was
on holdem4.  On full deck game I don't see worse than 20 mbb/g (which is
on mismatched system).  See ms2/mb2b2 game.
2) CFR-D underperforms unsafe endgame solving by up to 47 mbb/g.  See
abstracted_endgame_results.  Base solved with nhs3 and PCS.
3) CFR-D requires a ton of storage for the CBR values at turn-initial nodes.
Unless I can calculate these values as needed at runtime.
4) Using a limited betting abstraction (one bet) for the future can cause
a loss of as much as 26 mbb/g (if resolving two streets) or 51 mbb/g (if
resolving one street).  See mb2b2t results in endgame_mismatched_results.
Also see loss of 64-69 mbb/g for holdem8 game.
5) Quick and dirty solve for flop only causing degradation of 12 mbb/g?!?
This doesn't seem to be a big source of problems.
6) Resolving river endgames gives exploitability 90 mbb/g worse than
resolving turn endgames.  This was with holdem4.
7) Need more than 200 iterations to get low exploitability with CFR+,
when pots get big.

I guess I should be focused on (4).  Can I do quick and dirty solve on
turn with good betting abstraction on river, then resolve on river?

What would improve results on holdem8/mb2b2t case?
1) Solve the base with CFR+, no abstraction and a slightly better betting
abstraction (mb2b1).  This helped a lot.
2) Solve the base with PCS, the full mb2b2t betting abstraction, and a
better river betting abstraction.  This helped.

Want fairly good coverage on flop (up to eight bet sizes for opponent!).  We
seem to need at least one raise on the turn and river in the base.  Does
this mean we can only handle a very crude card abstraction in the base?
How crude is too crude?

Do we need very full betting abstraction in base system?  That would
suggest we need to cut corners elsewhere.  Don't try to cover every
betting sequence on flop, for example.

Proposal:
4 bet sizes for opponent preflop and flop (1/4, 1/2, 1, 2x)
2 bet sizes for us preflop and flop (1/2, 1)
Unlimited number of bets on turn and river
One bet size (?) on turn and river
Max of 4 bets on preflop and flop
221.5k betting sequences in both P1 and P2 trees
24,457 preflop/flop betting sequences in both P1 and P2 trees
~42b flop infosets.  8 bytes per double.  ~336 gigabytes for flop.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Some recent results are discouraging.  See holdem5/mb3b3t.

Running CFR+ for 200 iterations is not enough.  Exploitability >= 165.

Using a reduced betting abstraction on the later streets in the base
leads to high exploitability when we resolve with the full betting
abstraction.

These observations suggest that we should rely on resolving less and
rely on expansion more.  Should we only resolve for the river?

--------------------------------------------------------------------

The dream would be in some sense solving the whole game without card
abstraction.  We can solve a base game with TCFR and an unabstracted
preflop and possibly an unabstracted flop as well.  We could use the
base flop, or maybe resolve the flop games.  The flop resolving would
have to be done offline.  Maybe it would be feasible if we have an
impoverished future betting abstraction.  Turn and river would be
solved on the fly.

The base can have an unabstracted flop so why not just use that?
1) The future streets will be heavily abstracted which could impact
the solution quality; 2) The base is solved with TCFR which takes much
longer to converge.  If we can solve the flop with CFR+, we might get
a better solution.

Can I solve 1755 * 100 flop endgames?  Hmm, that's 175,500 endgames,
which is a lot.

Key questions:
1) How badly do results degrade when the abstraction gets coarse?
2) How badly do results degrade when betting abstraction is too coarse?

What kind of trade-offs are we likely to face for real system?
mb3b3aa (1/4/1/2/1.0): 3,950,770 betting sequences
mb4b4aa (1/2/1/2/5): 714,074 betting sequences

With 2TB of RAM, 500k buckets perhaps?  2.5b hands means a reduction
of 5000:1.  How bad is that?

Last year we did about 200k river nodes and 10m river buckets.

About 40.5% of hands make it to the turn.
About 38.4% of hands make it to the turn with at least one bet
About 29.1% of hands make it to the turn with at least two bets
About 12.0% of hands make it to the turn with at least three bets
About 3.0% of hands make it to the turn with at least four bets
bbb3: turn betting sequences
Two bets on flop: 15124
Two bets on turn: 17094
Two bets on flop *and* turn: 1163
About 2.6% of hands make it to the turn with two or more bets on the
  flop and/or turn.

Could I solve a base system that only allows one bet on the flop, turn
and river?  I thought we decided that was bad.

Plan:
1) Resolve all rivers
2) Resolve turns where pot size is big, allowing only one bet for either
player.
3) Have a rich betting abstraction in the base for betting states that will
not be resolved.  All of preflop and flop; smaller pots on turn.

Progressive endgame solving didn't seem that great on small test games.
So maybe I better be conservative and only resolve turns when the pot
gets so big that we can resolve the whole turn and river and not
resolve.  Perhaps when there is one pot size bet left?

Two questions:
1) Even on the river, I am going to have to deal with the following problem
of seeing a bet from the opponent that was not in my betting abstraction.
Option A is to resolve starting at the point the opponent makes the bet.
Option B is to back up and resolve from some earlier point.  That earlier
point could be the start of the street.
  The concern with option A is that progressive endgame solving with
    solve_all_endgames2 didn't work that well.
  The concern with option B is that we may not play our actual hand to
    the target node when we back up and resolve.  So we get a mostly
    uninitialized strategy for ourselves below the target node.  Solution
    may be to force ourselves to play to the target node.
  Another concern with option B is that it may take longer.  I think
    that's manageable though.

It's hard to get good results when we resolve after the street-initial
node.  Try a) resolving with a decent betting abstraction, and b)
use exploration.

Unfortunately, recent experiments indicate there is no easy way to build
a low exploitability system.
* Expansion can yield bad results once you allow nested expansion, if the
gaps between bet sizes are non-trivial.
* Resolving the flop with an impoverished future betting abstraction
yields bad results.
* Progressive endgame solving at internal nodes yields bad results.
* Allowing three bets for ourselves, but four bets for opponent yields bad
results.
* I see Act1 making bets as large as 2x pot postflop.
Bright notes:
* I might only need to allow one bet for target player preflop.
* We can take a game with an abstracted turn and river, resolve just the river,
and get decent exploitability.

Upshot seems to be that we need a base system with lots of bets and lots
of bet sizes.  We will always resolve the river.  Still an open question
whether we can resolve the turn.  Probably would only be for very large
pots.

Plan:
* At least five bets for each player pre-river
* At least three bets for each player on river
* Very coarse river abstraction (plan to resolve)
* Coarsish turn abstraction (results so far indicate not much difference
    between 100k and 1m buckets).
* Many bet sizes for opponent (1/4, 1/2, 3/4, 1x, some larger, all-in)
* One to three bet sizes for ourselves
* Maybe only one bet for ourselves preflop!
* Only all-in for ourselves once pot gets large enough.

Challenge: seems like we might need lots and lots of bets for low
exploitability.  For example, need 5/8: 1/2 and 3/4 not sufficient.
